CS 5610 Project 2 Proposal
Student 1: Jialin Gao
Student 2: Xiangshi Sun
Student 3: Lu Ji

Report Link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1H0GeQj58Tb1KpE803YytXM_-CdTF6CH6bgRLiZbNOHA/

Currency Price Monitoring

What our app lets users do?
As for now, Bitcoin is one of hot digital currency which is desirable and limited.
It is well known in the market. Our team is going to develop an web application
for cryptocurrency traders, investors, and financial analysts to monitor and get
alerts about cryptocurrency price fluctuations as well as other financial assets
on NASDAQ/DOW. Users can use our developed application to monitor preferred
assets prices for all exchanges. In addition, they can set thresholds for their
preferred assets prices and then get email alerts. Users can also have great view
for price fluctuations with beautiful charts. What’s more, users can get instant
notification when there is an arbitrage opportunity for their selected type of
assets. Last but not least, our platform will support paper trading.


Which external API(s) you will use, how, and why?
We decide to use an external web API called Coinbase for cryptocurrency and
Alpha Vantage API or Intrinio API for other financial assets data in the
server-side of our application. These powerful APIs would help us pull
real-time price updates on the assets. Also, Coinbase provides both API key for
data access and OAuth2 for authentication, which will be helpful for security
consideration.


What data you will store in your database?
In the database, we are supposed to store user profiles and custom settings,
which includes salt hashed login credentials, users’ asset portfolios, current
balance, current earnings etc.


How you plan to build your UI?
As for UI, our application will support the following two models for login.
Users can either login with their own username and password, or OAuthed from
a third-party provider. In the main page, users can log out, edit their profiles
and custom settings, and choose preferred assets to monitor. Also, there is a
page for users to use their predefined amount of balance to make simulated
trades and view their virtual earnings/losses so as to practice their
investment skills.

几个必有功能：
1. 查看数字货币 股票的实时价格, 每个人自己的收藏夹：可以收藏几种数字货币 股票资产，从而实现第二个要求 ->
2. set thresholds to get email price alert && get email alert when user's 收藏的资产之间有套利 arbitrage 机会, （几个资产倒腾一下就能挣钱）
3. paper trading 模拟交易，给用户一笔假钱，可以让用户实时购买／卖出 股票 数字货币, 黄金原油等商品，然后实时计算balance 绘制图标，
4. 查看某 股票／数字货币／黄金原油等商品 之前1天 1周 1个月 3个月 半年 1年 2年 3年 5年的价格周期表。。这个还可以，不难，因为不是实时更新数据
5. API 要好好挑
6. redux / react ／ GenServer / Phoenix Channels / OAuth / HTTPS / PostgreSQL
7. API: Coinbase / Alpha Vantage / Intrinio
